fix some doc mistakes (#91)
ansys/pyworkbench: doc/source/getting-started/connection.rst

Local connection
================

You can connect PyWorkbench to a local session of Ansys Workbench by running
the following steps:

1. Start Ansys Workbench
2. In the Workbench Command Window, type ``StartServer()``
3. Take a note of the returned port number

> 4. Use the port number to connect PyWorkbench to the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use the port number to connect PyWorkbench to the server:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from ansys.workbench.core import connect_workbench

    workbench = connect_workbench(port=port)

Remote connection
=================

> You can connect PyWorkbench to a Ansys Workbench session running on a remote
> computer given its computer name or IP and the port number the service uses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect PyWorkbench to an Ansys Workbench session running on a remote
computer by giving its computer name or IP and the port number that the service uses:
```
